feat(docs): Adding AST and Remark to the glossary (#13758)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/glossary.md

## A

### AST

> Abstract Syntax Tree: A tree representation of the source code that is found during a [compiliation](#compiler) step between two languages. For example, [gatsby-transformer-remark](/packages/gatsby-transformer-remark/) will create an AST from [Markdown](#markdown) to describe a Markdown document in a tree structure and then further generate [HTML](#html) using that tree using the [Remark](#remark) parser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Abstract Syntax Tree: A tree representation of the source code that is found during a [compilation](#compiler) step between two languages. For example, [gatsby-transformer-remark](/packages/gatsby-transformer-remark/) will create an AST from [Markdown](#markdown) to describe a Markdown document in a tree structure using the [Remark](#remark) parser.
```

Author: Done

A code library (written with [JavaScript](#javascript)) for building user interfaces. It’s the framework that [Gatsby](#gatsby) uses to build pages and structure content.

### Remark

> A markdown parser to translate [Markdown](#markdown) to other formats like [HTML](#html) or [React](#react) code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A parser to translate [Markdown](#markdown) to other formats like [HTML](#html) or [React](#react) code.
```
Prefer to keep the first usage of a term linked & I think "a parser" is clearer anyway?
